[ DANCE MUSIC PLAYING ]
>> ♪ PUT YOUR FLAGS UP IN THE
SKY ♪
♪ PUT 'EM IN THE SKY ♪
>> ♪ JOGUE Lá NO ALTO ♪
>> ♪ AND WAVE 'EM SIDE TO SIDE ♪
♪ SIDE TO SIDE ♪
>> ♪ LADO A LADO ♪
>> ♪ SHOW THE WORLD WHERE YOU'RE
FROM ♪
♪ SHOW 'EM WHERE YOU'RE FROM ♪
>> ♪ WE ARE ONE, BABY ♪
>> ♪ SHOW THE WORLD WE ARE ONE ♪
♪ ONE, LOVE, LIFE ♪
♪ OLé, OLé, OLé, OLá ♪
♪ OLé, OLé, OLé ♪
♪ WHEN THE GOIN' GETS TOUGH ♪
♪ GOIN' GETS TOUGH ♪
♪ THE TOUGH GET GOIN' ♪
♪ TOUGH GET GOIN' ♪
♪ ONE LOVE, LOVE ♪
♪ ONE LIFE, LIFE ♪
♪ ONE WORLD, WORLD ♪
♪ ONE FIGHT, FIGHT ♪
♪ WHOLE WORLD, WORLD ♪
♪ ONE NIGHT, NIGHT ♪
♪ ONE PLACE, PLACE ♪
♪ BRAZIL ♪
♪ EVERYBODY PUT YOUR FLAGS IN
THE SKY AND DO WHAT YOU FEEL ♪
♪ IT'S YOUR WORLD, MY WORLD,
OUR WORLD TODAY ♪
♪ AND WE INVITE THE WHOLE WORLD,
WHOLE WORLD TO PLAY ♪
♪ IT'S YOUR WORLD, MY WORLD,
OUR WORLD TODAY ♪
♪ AND WE INVITE THE WHOLE WORLD,
WHOLE WORLD TO PLAY ♪
♪ ES Mí MUNDO, Tú MUNDO,
éL MUNDO, DE NOSOTROS ♪
♪ INVITAMOS AL TODO EL MUNDO,
A HOGAR CON NOSOTROS ♪
♪ PUT YOUR FLAGS UP IN THE
SKY ♪
♪ PUT 'EM IN THE SKY ♪
>> ♪ JOGUE Lá NO ALTO ♪
>> ♪ AND WAVE 'EM SIDE TO SIDE ♪
♪ SIDE TO SIDE ♪
>> ♪ LADO A LADO ♪
>> ♪ SHOW THE WORLD WHERE YOU'RE
FROM ♪
♪ SHOW 'EM WHERE YOU'RE FROM ♪
>> ♪ WE ARE ONE, BABY ♪
>> ♪ SHOW THE WORLD WE ARE ONE ♪
♪ ONE, LOVE, LIFE ♪
♪ OLé, OLé, OLé, OLá ♪
♪ OLé, OLé, OLé ♪
JENNY, DALE.
>> ♪ ONE NIGHT,
WATCH THE WORLD UNITE ♪
♪ TWO SIDES, ONE FIGHT,
AND A MILLION EYES ♪
♪ FULL HEARTS GONNA WORK SO
HARD ♪
♪ SHOOT FOR THE STARS, FISTS
RAISED UP TOWARDS THE SKY ♪
♪ TONIGHT, WATCH THE WORLD
UNITE, WORLD UNITE, WORLD UNITE
FOR THE FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT ♪
♪ ONE NIGHT, WATCH THE WORLD
UNITE, TWO SIDES, ONE FIGHT,
AND A MILLION EYES ♪
♪ HEY, HEY, HEY ♪
♪ FORZA, FORZA ♪
♪ COME ON, SING WITH ME ♪
♪ HEY, HEY, HEY ♪
♪ ALLEZ, ALLEZ,
COME SHOUT IT OUT WITH ME ♪
♪ HEY, HEY, HEY ♪
♪ COME ON NOW ♪
>> ♪ PUT YOUR FLAGS UP IN THE
SKY ♪
♪ PUT 'EM IN THE SKY ♪
>> ♪ JOGUE Lá NO ALTO ♪
>> ♪ AND WAVE 'EM SIDE TO SIDE ♪
♪ SIDE TO SIDE ♪
>> ♪ LADO A LADO ♪
>> ♪ SHOW THE WORLD WHERE YOU'RE
FROM ♪
♪ SHOW 'EM WHERE YOU'RE FROM ♪
♪ SHOW THE WORLD WE ARE ONE ♪
♪ ONE, LOVE, LIFE ♪
♪ OLé, OLé, OLé, OLá ♪
♪ OLé, OLé, OLé ♪
>> ♪ é MEU é SEU ♪
♪ HOJE é TUDO NOSSO ♪
♪ QUANDO EU CHAMO O MUNDO
INTEIRO PRA JOGAR é PRA MOSTRAR
QUE EU POSSO ♪
♪ TORCER ♪
♪ CHORAR ♪
♪ SORRIR ♪
♪ GRITAR ♪
♪ NAO IMPORTA O RESULTADO VAMOS
EXTRAVASAR ♪
>> ♪ PUT YOUR FLAGS UP IN THE
SKY ♪
♪ PUT 'EM IN THE SKY ♪
>> ♪ JOGUE Lá NO ALTO ♪
>> ♪ AND WAVE 'EM SIDE TO SIDE ♪
♪ SIDE TO SIDE ♪
>> ♪ LADO A LADO ♪
>> ♪ SHOW THE WORLD WHERE YOU'RE
FROM ♪
♪ SHOW 'EM WHERE YOU'RE FROM ♪
>> ♪ WE ARE ONE, BABY ♪
♪ SHOW THE WORLD WE ARE ONE ♪
♪ ONE, LOVE, LIFE ♪
♪ OLé, OLé, OLé, OLá ♪
[ DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES ]